I woke from a nap I hadn't intended to take to find the sun high in the sky. I was supposed to be meeting someone in the castle right now. I shouldn't have gone out at all, but elves are made of nature, and it calls to us. At least, that's the excuse I would give if I got in trouble. But I wouldn't because I was the princess.

On the west side of the property, a large meadow separated my home from the city below. A hill gave a magnificent view of stone buildings and thatched roofs and farmland beyond it. It was as close to seeing the world from the sky as I wanted to get.

I was nearly back to the castle when a shadow sped across the ground, crossing mine. Large. Winged. Dragon. My heart raced, and an uncontrollable panic rose inside of me. It's just flying over. It won't come back. But even as I thought it, the rider circled back, the huge Orange beast he controlled barreling down on me. I ducked inside the nearest doorway, gasping for breath. Hidden in the cool darkness of its shaded overhang, my mind slipped back to the day of my fifth birthday.

My grandfather held estates in the south, close to the front of our war with the orc's kingdom of Glamhoth. My mother didn't approve, but because it was my birthday, Grandfather let me ride with him as he made his rounds that day. On our way back, the horse suddenly snorted and balked. Grandfather spurred the animal on, but it almost bucked us off.

While the mare settled back on all four hooves, I saw them. "Ooh, dragons," I squealed, pointing at the two winged creatures low over the horizon.

Grandfather tensed behind me. He yanked at the reigns. "Move, you drafted animal, or I'll feed you to those beasts myself." He regained control of the horse and we galloped back to his house. I bounced in the saddle and grabbed tightly at the arm he held around me.

"To arms," he shouted as we rode. "orcs attack on dragons. To arms!"

Farmhands streamed from the fields to the guardhouses where soldiers handed out swords, staves, and other weapons. Closer to the house, tradespeople assembled any tools at hand for defense, while children stacked buckets by the well.

At the stables. Grandfather jumped off his mount before we even stopped. He pulled me down and carried me inside as easily as I did one of my dolls. We cut through the kitchens where the cooks were stripping the room of its knives and cleavers, sticking them into belts and holsters.

In the sitting room, The Royal Guard surrounded my parents, swords pointing outward. They saw us and parted, making way. "Kalia!" Mother cried, grabbing me, a terrified look in her eyes.

"Get to the kitchens," Grandfather commanded. "You can hide in the root cellar. You will be safe there." He pushed through the guard and took down the polished broadsword that hung above the mantle.

"Dad, no," Mother said. "Come with us."

He held the weapon up, checking that the blade had remained true after sitting idle so long. "This is my land, and I will defend it," he said. "And defend you." Without another word, he was gone.

The guards ushered us into the kitchen and pulled open the cellar's hatch. Mother carried me towards it, but I squirmed out of her grasp. "My dolly," I cried. Guards reached for me, but I scrambled between their legs. My young mind understood there was danger. That was exactly why I had to save it.

I'd left it on the parapet, the low stone wall surrounding the second floor. It was the best vantage point of Grandfather's property.

As I stood at that wall, I saw my grandfather down below in the courtyard, raising his sword to an orc mounted on a huge green dragon.

He swung at the beast, but it caught the sword in its talons. Another great claw flipped him into the air, his body crashing into the stone rampart. He did not move.

"No," I cried. Hands grabbed at me, and I struggled, biting and kicking like my life depended on it.

"Hush, child." The Captain of the Royal Guard held me tighter.

I stopped struggling and fell limp in his arms. Tears fell freely as he took me back to my parents.

"Lord Hollysword is dead," he told them somberly.

I don't remember much more from that day. We spent hours in that cellar. Only the occasional crashing noise made it through the thick door. When it finally opened, the captain looked down at us, a tall dark elf in Dragoneer garb standing at his side.

"The fight is over," The Captain told us. "Thanks to this man and his dragon."

The dark elf wore dark orange leather and a bloody bandage over his right hand. Father thanked him for his bravery and gave him money for a healer. But I knew he had to be bad to ride a dragon. A dragon killed my Grandfather, right before my eyes. I did not trust this man or the enormous Orange beast that paced outside our door. Dragons were killers. They were evil.

And now, back in the here and now, a dragon was invading my home once again. Was it an attack or some kind of pretense at help? Either way, I had to pull it together. I had to warn my parents, or at least the guards. I needed to move, but I stood there in my shadowed doorway, shaking for some moments before I found the courage to continue into the castle.

I hurried to the wing where Father conducted business. I wasn't exactly forbidden from being there. He just didn't like "silly little girls running about." But I was neither silly nor running, I was on a mission.

"If you don't send more resources," a deep and scratchy voice said, "we won't be able to cover the front. Fawla won't be the only province to fall." Voices like that came from long years of yelling from a dragon.

The dragon wasn't an attacker. Inside, my father held court with one of the Dragoneers of Darneta. They were our army who rode dragons into battle during times of war. I knew I shouldn't eavesdrop just outside the door, but if I was to be a competent wife to the next king of Darneta someday, I needed to be informed. And the heavy oak door was slightly open anyway. It was an easy enough mistake. The thing weighed more than I did.

I leaned closer. I could justify it all I wanted, but truly I was curious about the Dragoneer. I couldn't understand how any man could spend his life around those terrible beasts. I wanted to catch a peek at someone that crazy.

Father sat on his throne wearing the thick fur robes he reserved for formal occasions. And the man pacing before him was someone I instantly recognized. He was the same Draogoneer from that horrible day ten years ago. In place of the hand that been bandaged the last time I saw him, a metal hook protruded from a harness around a rounded stump. This must be Authand, the famous Dragoneer Colonel.

He turned, glancing my direction, and I ducked back behind the door, holding my breath. Thankfully, he must not have seen me because he resumed his ranting about feed for his dragons.

"You will have to make do," Father told him. When I peeked again, I could see him gripping the armrests of his chair. "The goblins have been destroying our crops. The people will revolt if I send food to dragons before elves."

"The people will die if the dragons aren't up to fighting strength," the rider thundered back. "There is more to Darneta than your cushy seat here in Kastea. You need to stop thinking of popularity and start thinking of survival. If you don't, well, the other kingdoms have need of Dragoneers as well." I couldn't believe Father let him talk like that. Each kingdom had its own corps of Dragoneers. It had never occurred to me that a fleet might emigrate to another kingdom if they weren't treated well. The idea felt almost treasonous. I would have had Authand thrown in the dungeons if he'd said such a thing to me.

But Father stayed calm. He was angry; that was for sure. A wave of color flashed across his face and ears before disappearing. He took a breath and set his expression into a deep frown. Was Father just going to take the rebuke? A king shouldn't accept criticism from commoners like this Authand. I put my hand on the door. If Father wouldn't handle the matter, I would.

"What are you doing?' Mother demanded from behind me. "Etlin is waiting for you in the gardens." I would swear she was part air elemental the way she could sneak up on people. She always told me ladies glide when they walk, not run from spot to spot like I did.

I turned away from the gaping door casually. "I was on my way when I heard a noise. I think there is something wrong with Father."

She shook her head. "More like you were nosing into private business." Her frown softened into a smile. "So, what did you learn?"

I crossed my arms. "A dark elf is being belligerent towards Father. I don't understand how someone like that could be in charge of our military."

"They are still elves," she reprimanded my prejudice. "Never judge a person by their appearance. It is their character that counts. And you are one to talk about belligerence. Now go. Ladies do not keep their suitors waiting." She gave me a gentle push.

"But Father--"

"Your father can handle his own affairs without you. Just like you should be attending to your own affairs right now." She held the same graceful poise as a moment ago, but her features looked harder now. It was an expression of patience wearing. I'd seen that look many times growing up, and it wouldn't go well if I didn't comply with her demands.

I started jogging to the courtyard.

"Ladies walk," she called after me.

I slowed down but still couldn't manage the gentle footfalls of my mother. She was a true lady, and I was something else entirely. But she still loved me fiercely, and I her.

Etlin slouched on the wide stones surrounding the fountain, one hand drawing slow circles in the still water. I was half an hour late for our meeting, at least. He straightened and stood at my noisy entrance. A few short steps closed the gap between us. I was still upset at Authand and my mother, but I melted a little at the sight of him in his starched breaches and silk shirt. I smiled as he kissed my nose.

I tried to give a girlish giggle, but, as usual, my body refused to behave with the grace and poise I had supposedly been born to. Instead, it came out as a snort.

Etlin laughed.

My ears turned red, but I laughed with him.

His arms slid down my arms, taking my hands in his.

I could have stayed there, looking into his eyes forever. Or better yet, we could have snuck off into the shadows and really kissed. But, of course, that wouldn't have been appropriate behavior for a princess.

"Guess who I saw?" I asked him, trying to return my attention to the problem of dragons at the castle.

"Hopefully somebody important, considering how late you were." He grinned.

I stuck out my tongue at him. It wasn't very regal, but I didn't care. "A Dragoneer Colonel. He was meeting with Father."

"He probably arrived early for the hatching," Etlin speculated. "The other races should be here soon. Makes sense that he would want to arrive beforehand to greet them."

"The cooks have been preparing food for days. Some of it smells really bad." I made a face as I recalled the thick smell of blood from the cow they'd drained for the nightbloods. The wolf-shifters would eat the meat, so nothing would go to waste. The humans and elementals ate ordinary enough food, but what orcs ate was completely disgusting. It was bad enough that orcs were allowed in the castle at all. But there was an official truce now, because the goblins were the enemy of us all. If we didn't stand together, they would outnumber and obliterate us. Still, the orcs' food should have been illegal. Bile rose in my throat, just thinking about it.

This brought a fresh bout of laughter from him. "I'm sure they cringe at our diet as well. But I wouldn't mind if they didn't come. Then we could keep all of the eggs for ourselves."

My stomach revolted at the idea. "They can keep the eggs," I said. "Don't we have enough dragons?"

"Come now, you can't mean that. They're our primary means of fighting the goblins. You can't be afraid of dragons forever."

"They killed my grandfather. I watched it happen. I'm not afraid. I just won't forgive." Of course, it was a lie. I'd been terrified by the mere shadow of a dragon earlier. It had made me feel like that helpless five-year-old all over again.

Etlin stood up straight. "A dragon is a weapon, just like a sword. One cannot blame the weapon for the wielder's actions. Beside, that war is over. They're our allies now."
I hated it when Etlin got all manly and lordly on me. As if I needed a lecture on dragons and swords and wars. He was so nice to look at and kiss, though. But I was completely not in the mood anymore.
"Maybe you should leave," I said letting go of his hand.
"But—I—We," he stammered, surprised I would turn him away after he'd given me such a fine argument against my silly girlish ways.
"Go, really," I said, dismissing him. "We'll talk later."